clarify Snowflake account location (#1762)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/getting-started/getting-set-up/setting-up-snowflake.md

1. Click on the "Snowflake" icon to set up your connection.
2. Enter the following information under Snowflake settings.

>     * **Account:** Your account is located in the url of your Snowflake trial account, excluding the `snowflakecomputing.com`. The location of your account information will vary based on which version of Snowflake you are using. For Snowflake's Classic Console, your url may look like this: `oq65696.west-us-2.azure.snowflakecomputing.com`; if you're using the AppUI, or Snowsite, then the url may look like this: `snowflakecomputing.com/west-us-2.azure/oq65696`. In both of these instances, your account will be: `oq65696.west-us-2.azure`. You can read more about Snowflake account identifiers [here](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html).

Reviewer: It is actually Snowsight, not Snowsite

>     * **Account:** Your account is located in the url of your Snowflake trial account, excluding the `snowflakecomputing.com`. The location of your account information will vary based on which version of Snowflake you are using. For Snowflake's Classic Console, your url may look like this: `oq65696.west-us-2.azure.snowflakecomputing.com`; if you're using the AppUI, or Snowsite, then the url may look like this: `snowflakecomputing.com/west-us-2.azure/oq65696`. In both of these instances, your account will be: `oq65696.west-us-2.azure`. You can read more about Snowflake account identifiers [here](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Account:** Find your account by using the Snowflake trial account URL and removing `snowflakecomputing.com`. The order of your account information will vary by Snowflake version. For example, Snowflake's Classic console URL might look like: `oq65696.west-us-2.azure.snowflakecomputing.com`. The AppUI or Snowsight URL might look more like: `snowflakecomputing.com/west-us-2.azure/oq65696`. In both examples, your account will be: `oq65696.west-us-2.azure`. For more information, see "[Account Identifiers](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html)" in the Snowflake documentation.
```
